on the Homepage
I noticed we still have some of the older deepdive pages linked from some of the posts (I really like those pages and don't want to lose them). Is there creation mechnisim still part of our skill? Do any of those pages showup in our cards in the Deep Dive Summary? 
Do we have a way or skill ability defined designed to make more of these pages as a 2n tier Deep Dive run (e.g. select 1 or more first teir dives to then have a page made from with full agentic reasioning and narrative applied to it (like the older Deep dive pages, Can call them DEEPER DIVE). 
These will likely become the source of some socail media compaigns posts etc. (the deepdive and deeperdive)

At the top of home curently, I want to update/remove the install section as we currently have it, move only what we need over into a box (to the right of a summarybox which i will describe next) on one row. Ditch the stuff about Quick Coommands, and Put the install instracutions etc and prerquisites on the right box (stacked the two things) (make sure they're updated and inclusive of all the current operations and states of things)
and to the right and top box, and prerequisites below that. And to the left of all that in the left box on that row add a better tool Desctiption (nothing to worky, be classy and poetic and mater of fact), and At the top of that box put the catch phrase "you've saved this before" (or something catchy or catchier to that effect...we can word smith if need be).
We can keep this full section collapseable, but expanded by default. We can also make the deep dive area and bar chart row collapsable too (but expanded by default (unless that messes anything up, it's also okay to leave this row as is.).

With the Seach and filters, I noticed that "UI/UX" has nothing in it, and that doesn't sound right at all (but maybe that category/filter is redunant and superfalous given we have art/designg/etc now. *unless you think it's a good bucket for us to fill, we may already have it covered so it can be removed the that filter/seach menue.

Go ahead and correct the bar chart to be flexiable vertically to expand to the full height allowed by the row, and also when expanded by the Deep dive selection that it also expands the bar cahrt vertically (and then reduced when the extra deep dive info card is closed (if that makes sense). 
I also noticed we're missing quite a few thumnails. If it's a post tagged with me, go to the links and find a good ref image to use for those (like the magazing Archive link pages, you could go pull an image thumnail from their for those. 

Graph-Node page
We need all the filters and keywords updated and applied to all our filtering and grouping abilities across both node graph pages.
It would be cool to see how deep/dive groupings might function or group things in our node graphs. 
The creation of this whole graph ability needs captured as a skill for anytime I ask for a node graph. 

Graph-Cosmos page
We need all the filters and keywords updated and applied to all our filtering and grouping abilities across both node graph pages. 
All the filters and linking and cross join lines types etc should be part of our CMS and fed from our CMS into our Graph tools so that their filters and functionality are always up to date. 
It would be cool to see how deep/dive groupings might function or group things in our node graphs. 
The creation of this whole cosmos node graph ability needs captured as a skill for anytime I ask for a cosmos style node graph.
can we set the orbit opacity to 13, can we set the default view on load to the Dense setting you have already (I want the Opacity 13 applied to all pre-saved selectable states (e.g. Dense, X-ray, etc) 

On Board page
I'd like the ability to add direction arrows to the idea flows, maybe some icons an process things that help with mind mapping stuff (and or some other basic mind mapping tools like color). I'd like the ability to laod deep dives into this space, 
where it creates text boxes for thoughts and themes etc like it does in the cards, and then connects automatically to all the posts and idea boxes that would be associated to the deepdive and/or deeperdive that can be loaded it. 
DeepDives and DeeprDives cards can be colored differetnly so when they're drag into the board they build out all their connections and extra text boxes on the fly with connections etc. All tied into our CMS. And saved things get added into the cms parquet database and be loaded.